--- org.apache.commons.cli.ApplicationTest
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.ApplicationTest.<clinit>(ApplicationTest.java:37)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.ArgumentIsOptionTest
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.ArgumentIsOptionTest.<clinit>(ArgumentIsOptionTest.java:23)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.BasicParserTest
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.ParserTestCase.<clinit>(ParserTestCase.java:33)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.BugsTest
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.BugsTest.<clinit>(BugsTest.java:30)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.CommandLineTest
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.CommandLineTest.<clinit>(CommandLineTest.java:29)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.DefaultParserTest
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.ParserTestCase.<clinit>(ParserTestCase.java:33)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.GnuParserTest
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.ParserTestCase.<clinit>(ParserTestCase.java:33)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.HelpFormatterTest
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.HelpFormatterTest.<clinit>(HelpFormatterTest.java:35)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.OptionBuilderTest
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.OptionBuilderTest.<clinit>(OptionBuilderTest.java:22)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.OptionGroupTest
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.OptionGroupTest.<clinit>(OptionGroupTest.java:27)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.OptionTest
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.OptionTest.<clinit>(OptionTest.java:26)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.OptionsTest
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.OptionsTest.<clinit>(OptionsTest.java:30)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.PatternOptionBuilderTest
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.PatternOptionBuilderTest.<clinit>(PatternOptionBuilderTest.java:34)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.PosixParserTest
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.ParserTestCase.<clinit>(ParserTestCase.java:33)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.UtilTest
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.UtilTest.<clinit>(UtilTest.java:26)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.ValueTest
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.ValueTest.<clinit>(ValueTest.java:26)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.ValuesTest
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.ValuesTest.<clinit>(ValuesTest.java:24)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.bug.BugCLI133Test
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.bug.BugCLI133Test.<clinit>(BugCLI133Test.java:31)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.bug.BugCLI13Test
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.bug.BugCLI13Test.<clinit>(BugCLI13Test.java:33)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.bug.BugCLI148Test
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.bug.BugCLI148Test.<clinit>(BugCLI148Test.java:33)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.bug.BugCLI162Test
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.bug.BugCLI162Test.<clinit>(BugCLI162Test.java:35)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.bug.BugCLI18Test
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.bug.BugCLI18Test.<clinit>(BugCLI18Test.java:33)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
--- org.apache.commons.cli.bug.BugCLI71Test
java.lang.NoClassDefFoundError: com_atlassian_clover/TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.commons.cli.bug.BugCLI71Test.<clinit>(BugCLI71Test.java:30)
	at java.lang.Class.forName0(Native Method)
	at java.lang.Class.forName(Class.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTestRunner.run(JUnitTestRunner.java:376)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeInVM(JUnitTask.java:1484)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:872)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.executeOrQueue(JUnitTask.java:1972)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute1(JUnitTask.java:824)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.taskdefs.optional.junit.JUnitTask.execute(JUnitTask.java:2277)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.UnknownElement.execute(UnknownElement.java:291)
	at sun.reflect.GeneratedMethodAccessor4.invoke(Unknown Source)
	at sun.reflect.DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.invoke(DelegatingMethodAccessorImpl.java:43)
	at java.lang.reflect.Method.invoke(Method.java:498)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.dispatch.DispatchUtils.execute(DispatchUtils.java:106)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Task.perform(Task.java:348)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.execute(Target.java:392)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Target.performTasks(Target.java:413)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeSortedTargets(Project.java:1399)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTarget(Project.java:1368)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.helper.DefaultExecutor.executeTargets(DefaultExecutor.java:41)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Project.executeTargets(Project.java:1251)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.runBuild(Main.java:811)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.Main.startAnt(Main.java:217)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.run(Launcher.java:280)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.launch.Launcher.main(Launcher.java:109)
Caused by: java.lang.ClassNotFoundException: com_atlassian_clover.TestNameSniffer
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClassInComponents(AntClassLoader.java:1365)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.findClass(AntClassLoader.java:1315)
	at org.apache.tools.ant.AntClassLoader.loadClass(AntClassLoader.java:1068)
	at java.lang.ClassLoader.loadClass(ClassLoader.java:357)
	... 25 more
